what's going on guys today i bring you
the first gameplay of the new troop the
scorcher it's an awesome troop which has
got amazing firepower and awesome health
for 25,000 health plus whatever damage
justa wherever statues you have I'm just
going to be trying this with the
combination of our grenade ears and the
scorcher because the updating of the
grandeur is too much quicker now so I'm
just gonna try and take on a random MPC
base to see how it works so let's get
straight into it guys
look at this guy's it takes 12 gotten
bored energy to just land this thing
that's how massive this is let me just
get rid of these snipers first
all right guys
look at this guy just look at this crazy
crazy distinguish
do you see that gosh that thing just
exploded and everything else the
building's also got damaged by that
his grenadiers are throwing stings lot
faster now the grenades
that's the new troop update guys thanks
for watching